Project Diary

Week1
Form group of 4 people, and we decide to do the skill ePortfolio. I am team scum master. We will decide the language and basic structure of the project this week.

Week2
We have decide to use Python, SQL for the backend and HTML with Javascripfor the front end. We will mainly use Canva for interface assets design.
We will finish the proposal next week.

Week3
Create github for the project.Finishing the proposal this week, aim to provide detailed user stories and good story board and system structure. We will use several API in this application, including Google Sign in and Faebook sign in.

Week4
The first sprint starts this week. On Thursday, we had a group meeting. We have assign tasks to each group member.
Week5
This week we will have our first demo. We was thinking to do the front end using Vanilla JS and CSS. But then we realized that we want to create a more professional UI/UX. So we get helped from the boostrap to design our webpage.
Week6
This week we are focusing on develop new webpages for each user types. And we decide to change the interface/background design, since we think using abstract pattern for this type of website is better than the one we are using at the moment.
Week7
We are aiming to complete all basic function of this website before next demo. And after that we will add noble functionalities(including Google sign in, add appointment to calender)
Week8
We had our second demo this week and we decide to have a meeting and finish the retrospective report this week. According to the Jira issue board, we have completed almost all basic functions and we need to hurry up a bit and hopefully delivery the product in time. 
Week9
We are heading towards the end of term and we are aim to complete all the features this week. For the final demo, we need to practice at least three times. We are aim to go through all aspect of the final product at this Friday Sunday and next Monday.
Week10
We are in the final week now. All implementations have come to an end and we have completed the final product. Need to adjust some tiny details in UI design before the final demo. And double check the codes before submit them.  As the scum master I appreciate all your hard working through this term. Good luck everyone.
